[Workers for Platforms] Using ES syntax and adding more information (#9832)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/get-started/configuration.md

5. Add the script name `customer-worker-1` to `<SCRIPT_NAME>`.

```bash

> curl -X PUT "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>/workers/dispatch/namespaces/<NAMESPACE_NAME>/scripts/customer-worker-1" \

Reviewer: Would suggest to tell the users that "JavaScript module syntax is currently only supported through multipart uploads, see here *insert multipart upload docs link here* for an example of uploading a module worker through multipart" (or something along those lines)

-H "X-Auth-Email: <EMAIL>" \
-H "X-Auth-Key: <AUTH_KEY>" \
-H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
-F 'main_js=@main.js;type=application/javascript+module' -F 'metadata=@metadata.json;type=application/json'
```

If you prefer to use an API token, remove the `X-Auth-Key` and `X-Auth-Email` headers. Create an [API token](/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/) with **Workers Edit** permission. Select **Account**, **Workers Script**, and **Edit**. Then, add the token to the `"Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>"` header. 

```bash
curl -X PUT "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>/workers/dispatch/namespaces/<NAMESPACE_NAME>/scripts/customer-worker-1" \
-H "Authorization: Bearer <BEARER_TOKEN>" \
-H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
-F 'main_js=@main.js;type=application/javascript+module' -F 'metadata=@metadata.json;type=application/json'
```

> The `main.js` content will look like this:

Reviewer: I suggest showing the main.js and metadata.json files together, we can either:
1. move both here (semantically makes sense but clutters the tutorial)
2. move main.js over to the multipart upload section and have text to ensure that the users use `main_js` and `metadata` field names with "these example files" as the data. (preferred, we already have a multipart section and makes it more reusable in other tutorials, etc)
3. optionally do both - this is probably fine as well

5. Add the script name `customer-worker-1` to `<SCRIPT_NAME>`.

```bash
curl -X PUT "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>/workers/dispatch/namespaces/<NAMESPACE_NAME>/scripts/customer-worker-1" \
-H "X-Auth-Email: <EMAIL>" \
-H "X-Auth-Key: <AUTH_KEY>" \
-H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
-F 'main_js=@main.js;type=application/javascript+module' -F 'metadata=@metadata.json;type=application/json'
```

If you prefer to use an API token, remove the `X-Auth-Key` and `X-Auth-Email` headers. Create an [API token](/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/) with **Workers Edit** permission. Select **Account**, **Workers Script**, and **Edit**. Then, add the token to the `"Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>"` header. 

```bash
curl -X PUT "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>/workers/dispatch/namespaces/<NAMESPACE_NAME>/scripts/customer-worker-1" \
-H "Authorization: Bearer <BEARER_TOKEN>" \
-H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
-F 'main_js=@main.js;type=application/javascript+module' -F 'metadata=@metadata.json;type=application/json'
```

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> You should perform [Multipart uploads](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/platform/multipart/) if you want to use Module Javascript syntax.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should perform [Multipart uploads](/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/platform/multipart/) if you want to use ES Modules syntax.
```

curl -X PUT "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>/workers/dispatch/namespaces/<NAMESPACE_NAME>/scripts/customer-worker-1" \
-H "X-Auth-Email: <EMAIL>" \
-H "X-Auth-Key: <AUTH_KEY>" \
-H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
-F 'main_js=@main.js;type=application/javascript+module' -F 'metadata=@metadata.json;type=application/json'
```

If you prefer to use an API token, remove the `X-Auth-Key` and `X-Auth-Email` headers. Create an [API token](/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/) with **Workers Edit** permission. Select **Account**, **Workers Script**, and **Edit**. Then, add the token to the `"Authorization: Bearer <API_TOKEN>"` header. 

```bash
curl -X PUT "https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/<ACCOUNT_ID>/workers/dispatch/namespaces/<NAMESPACE_NAME>/scripts/customer-worker-1" \
-H "Authorization: Bearer <BEARER_TOKEN>" \
-H "Content-Type: multipart/form-data" \
-F 'main_js=@main.js;type=application/javascript+module' -F 'metadata=@metadata.json;type=application/json'
```

The `main.js` content will look like this:

```js
export default {
  fetch(request) {
    return new Response('Hello World');
  },
};
```

{{<Aside type="note">}}

> You should perform [Multipart uploads](/workers-for-platforms/platform/multipart/) if you want to use Service Workers syntax.

Reviewer: correction: if you want to use *Module Javascript syntax* (Service Workers syntax is the old way)
